speaking of which gib pringles
transparent pixels be vibin
depth be vibing
z fighting be like
Dis is gud
but the parrots vibin in the background are even better
god how many more ctms are there
I got the mad flow.
Lyrically obsessed,
Musically the best
I'll put yo loyalty to test
mmmm yes steve has became a tesseract
It has foundnothingwhy can'tItype
:hmmmm:
someone pin that
You'd think that with the relatively smaller amount of polygons in a single-scene that have been decided to be rendered/visible, that they could be shaded somewhat decently and not destroy performance, but it does. Which was a question I was going to ask, but it seemed to have been answered, that it is just not optimized.
here's what i have been spending my usual excessive amount of time typing
im really surprised chocs sspt is so slow; i thought my ssgi which is doing mostly the same thing was slow until i tried chocs and i found out mine is actually several times faster than chocs while often looking way less noisy even at lower sample counts, although that's probably just my taa being more aggressive. usually i end up wondering how choc's version of an effect could be so much faster than my version.
Das ist gut
*splashes.txt
ruth is an absolute goddess change my mind
HOW ARE YOU LEVEL 67 ON STEEM DUDE WTF
Where did you find that afga avantix lut?
why even context anyways when the future of comedy will be randomly generated
soon™
the wheat is pretty great
the E meme will never die 
:pepeSneaky:
Update big thank yous.txt
this is the most cursed splashes folder youve ever seen
how is pubg lite not in vietnam yet dude what
GRANDMA GIVE ME MOENY ALREADY I NEED TO BECOME A PATRON HURRY UP
how donwload?
#oceano-cybox is a cursed channel dont ever go there that is final
you what
gib contishot
hehe buoy
hello and slab and welcome to the lab
as you are reading this the text is very very very very very very very very smol, this is due to me wasting 2 hours on writing this splashes.txt folder for absolutely nothing other than to humiliate myself, you can read it if you have a 4k screen however, but idk if that will fix anything dont @ me
Add me as a texture
i can confirm this is what it looks like
im running on my last 2 brain cells sned help
bristol as fug
im a one man army
i stan Finn
please dont spam pog in this channel
bedrock rtx. 
we live in a society.
crispin 2048x. haha imagine that,
mollyvx donwlaod where
gib.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
show me your shower thoughts. /s
cute cube
nyoom.
cheems.
muder me harry.
how do you live
Ruth and Ellie are forever cuties change my mind
c418 for days mann.
:kek:
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA